The objective is to find a file called encoded.txt and use it to get a special answer.

The location of the file is:
./system AB/managed/encoded.txt

This file is base64 encoded. So, in order to decode it, I will use the following command :
base64 -d encoded.txt > decoded.txt

The first lines of the decoded file state that I need to search for a keyword "special"
in the entire decoded file (which is very long) to get hints about what to do next.

The location(s) of the keyword "special" in the decoded file are as follows :
you know how to decode base64 data, well done. you deserve the answer but because this is the
 linux strength training room where you are intended to build your linux memory and skills, you
 will have to find it in this very long text file. Look for the keyword: 'special' in this very
 large text file.
Nullam nibh diam, gravida vestibulum mi sed, consectetur tincidunt nunc. Morbi pharetra turpis
 nec ligula pellentesque lobortis. Aenean sit amet ullamcorper turpis. Nam id magna sed felis
 facilisis accumsan. Aliquam cursus dolor eu enim maximus, eu malesuada sapien dignissim.
 Suspendisse ultrices condimentum nisi et pellentesque. Fusce ornare aliquet quam, eu efficitur
 elit facilisis et. Donec special: the answer is in a file called ent.txt, find it sagittis dolor
 nulla, interdum auctor tortor accumsan et. Aliquam vitae egestas dui, ut condimentum magna.
 Vestibulum tellus lacus, sollicitudin vitae dui sed, bibendum fermentum lacus. Mauris diam leo,
 efficitur at mi iaculis, sagittis hendrerit justo. Vivamus ante odio, cursus id tristique vitae,
 dapibus id eros. Quisque vitae mauris massa. Phasellus ut lectus efficitur, vulputate leo et,
 facilisis metus. Nulla volutpat nulla sem, vel vestibulum libero ultricies eu. Nam pulvinar
 tincidunt metus et accumsan.

As can be seen after running the above command, the answer is supposedly in a file called ent.txt.

The location of the file ent.txt is :
./logs/zhc/ent.txt

On checking the contents of the file, I find a hash. I use the website crackstation.net to find the type of hash it is
since John-The-Ripper was acting up when I tried to decode the hash after finding the format using hash-identifier.
Since crackstation.net also provides the decoded string, I got the special answer.
